(dark haunting music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- [James] One night.
I had a dream.
The problem I got right now
is some days
I couldn't tell you if I
ever woke up from that dream.
(soft haunting music)
See one day.
I found a watch.
Next to it was a US Marshal badge
and a sign:
"Town
needs
a marshall."
Next to that sign was a hat.
Yeah. I needed me a hat.
But I couldn't take my
eyes from that watch.
Then I read the back of the sign:
"Lotta dead people around here."
Hmm.
I coulda told you that one for free.
look at things a different way.
Hell.
I'm one of 'em.
My name was Clinton Butler.
Whole town considered me dead.
But the good Dr. Roth
oversaw the documents
of my official rebirth.
And after a year clawin'
my way back from the dead.
Marshal James Jennings I became.
I don't know if this was my punishment.
I don't know if this is
my heaven or my hell.
but it seems like I found
that watch 1.000 times over.
(soft haunting music)
(dark haunting music)
(eerie chattering)
(eerie haunting music)
(dark mystical music)
(chair creaking)
In 1861. in the vicinity of Helena. Texas.
a few rough acres of woodland
were described by their
solitary inhabitant
as Harbour County.
Reports suggested a small homestead
sat somewhere on the land.
Those who found it and
set foot in the property
were considered to be the guests
of US Marshal James Jennings.
Stories of the mysterious marshal grew.
He became infamous amongst outlaws
who claimed they had killed him
in the town of Goliad years previously.
In the summer months.
a crude rope lined the
boundary of Harbor County.
By the onset of winter.
only a single sign to the
residence would be found.
(dark mysterious music)
Inside Redemption.
a man could attest
or disprove his sins.
(dark mysterious music)
- Mr. Jennings.
not sure how long this one's got.
Looks to me like she's done for.
(dark haunting music)
(Susanna coughing)
- He tried to take me in the barn.
I have been right.
He didn't believe me
and he.
- You take my word:
I give you vengeance
and I'll make your husband sweat.
- You're a good man. James.
The sorta man I shoulda married.
Make him suffer. Mr. Jennings.
He's a bad man.
- So you gonna talk. my friend?
Hell. you must be on fire down there.
(chuckles softly) Now I challenge
any regular-speakin' man
to sit in that chair with
untreated venereal disease
of the highest order
and not say
a word.
- Please. show me the
compassion you're famed for.
- We are not in the land
of hospitality here.
I know things. Mr. Cooper.
- What do you know?
- She took to whorin'
herself to get back at you.
- That's not true.
I'll tell ya.
- You accused those boys of raping her
when they did nothin' of the sort.
They thought it was paid for.
- I never agreed to that.
They're making that up.
Wait. there ain't nothing
wrong with me. Mr. Jennings
- Did you rape your wife?
- Are you playin' mind games with me?
- Did the blade go in before
or after?
- I'm an innocent man.
- That's the tragedy of death. I'm afraid.
- We had an argument a few days back.
but I ain't seen much of her.
- When I got there.
Susanna come 'round.
I told her Dr. Roth would
be a good couple hours away.
but we could cauterise
the wound. all that.
But
she'd bled.
She'd bled good.
So she sat there
and she said.
"Find my husband.
I won't die until you brought
that bastard in front of me."
Give her some honour in death.
She's dead.
Just acknowledge that
you probably behind it.
- I'll make a deal with you.
I'll sit here like this.
No pains. no crying
and you'll see there ain't
nothing wrong with me
which will prove that I
did not do what you claim.
- I'll give you eight
days to think about this.
Now if you can sit there for
eight days and not demonstrate
a symptom of the disease
that I know will be ravaging your body.
then you a free man
and I am the devil for subjecting you
to such a torture.
Might be a good idea to shut
your eyes for a little bit.
Get some rest.
I don't want you wakin' up with no fever.
I don't wanna get you well
just to then watch you hang.
- You ain't never hanged
a person in your life.
- Is that the compassion I'm famed for?
- That's what they say.
You give people a chance
to prove themselves.
- Stay alive long enough. you'll find out.
Now your eight days.
they begin now.
(soft haunting music)
(dark haunting music)
♪ Down by the river ♪
♪ I saw my girl ♪
♪ My girl. my girl ♪
♪ I don't know where to go next ♪
♪ But it's gonna be Redemption ♪
♪ I don't know where Mr. Jennings' gone ♪
I didn't stab her.
I don't know why people
think that I would do that.
She's my wife. you know?
(dead man coughing)
I don't know why people would
think I was gonna do that.
- [Dead Man] Shut up.
- [William] I don't know why
everybody would've thought
I woulda done that.
but it wasn't me.
I mean she's my wife.
- (coughs) Shut up!
- [William] (sighs) Nobody
wants to listen to me.
not even a dead man.
(soft haunting music)
- Eight days.
Why'd you put yourself
through that. Mr. Cooper?
- Because I don't think a word
about what they say about you is true.
- And now you know I am a man of my word.
When am I gonna hang then?
- You're not gonna hang. Coop.
See. I challenged you.
I said. "Any man that can sit there
with venereal disease of the highest order
for eight days
and not show any symptoms
can walk free."
I don't like you.
I don't enjoy the
pleasure of your company.
But two things happened
before I pulled you in
that you were unaware of.
You have a house girl called Callie.
Is that correct?
- What she got to do with all this?
- Well Callie has been the
recipient of your desire
for the past year. has she not?
(soft intriguing music)
- Yeah.
- Don't mind me sayin'. but
she ain't exactly purty.
- No. she's ugly as sin.
But the only person who
has lain with her is me.
- And Susanna caught you.
waited for you to clean up.
then confronted you.
- I'll never rape Susanna.
I never stabbed her.
I've been here eight days.
Do you not believe me?
- No. I believe you.
It's the rest of the town that don't.
You'd have been hanged a week
ago if I hadn't pulled you in.
You betrayed your wife
and she got back at
you by openin' her legs
to the whole of the town.
You're the man who's gotta live with that.
- What I do next?
- We hanged William Cooper a week ago.
I inspected your property.
I found a will that you recently signed
leavin' your estate to Callie Mitchell.
But seizing all cash assets to deal with:
your funeral $20.
unpaid wages
$680.
unpaid bar tab
$16.
general store payments in lieu $410
and a clerk's fee for the remainder.
Approximately $3.400
for landholdings.
identifications
and passage
to a new world.
- You liquidated my business.
- Nope.
we just paid up what you owed
and we got you a one-way ticket
to not bein' annihilated by a bayin' mob
who were quite prepared
to pull you to pieces.
- You're for real. aren't you?
- You see this guy in front of me?
I walked I don't know
how long to find him.
I dragged his sorry ass back here
because rumour is this man is
worth a hell of a lotta money.
- I was a rich man before
I walked into this place.
- You're richer now. believe me.
- Yeah. I'm starting to think that way.
So
what next?
- Get yourself together.
Have a look in that bag
and understand why you came to Redemption.
- My folks left England for a better life.
- William Cooper is
leaving for a better life.
one where he ain't dead.
- How'd you fix all this so quick?
- Wise up. Mr. Cooper.
You a healthy man.
You start walkin' South
and y'all hit the coastline
in about three days
if you get yourself down
to what they now calling Corpus Christi.
Go East and y'all hit Galveston.
But that's about seven or eight days walk.
So maybe you wanna pick up a horse.
let it loose on the
outskirts when you get there.
But don't be tradin'
'cause you a dead man walkin'.
- You got this all figured out. ain't ya?
- I got this figured out
same way for everybody.
Hell. you're home free.
Even if you jump a steam
ship takes you to New York.
that don't matter.
You just find another one headin'
home to queen and country.
- Bein' dead has a price
- That it does. Mr. Cooper.
That it does.
- So you're just gonna let me go?
- Yeah. we had our talk.
Life has moved on.
Hell. you're dad the only one
who might've had a beef with you.
You got a piece of paper that
says you are somebody else
and you got a death
certificate and documents
that relate to a family friend.
- A week ago. I had everything.
Now I've got nothing.
- You been redeemed.
Now get out.
- Wait. you never bought me any shoes.
- Well shoot.
Have mine.
I can't help you with that. Cooper.
Why don't you ask the dead man
here if he'll lend you his?
- Oh. be reasonable.
It's freezin' out there.
Well then improvise
or ask the dead man.
- (sighs) Can I take your shoes?
- $20.
I want a burial.
Jennings can't pay that for me.
- $20.
That boy is thinking ahead. (chuckles)
- That it?
Can I go now?
- [James] Pay him the $20.
Put it in his hand or put
it in his shirt pocket.
- Why?
You're only gonna take it off him.
- I want my shoes back.
- [James] Man wants his shoes back. Coop.
- Look. I'm puttin' $40 in his hand.
- I don't care.
I want my shoes back.
40's not enough.
100.
(soft haunting music)
- [James] You're not 60 short are you?
- No.
Look.
here's a $100
for this man's shoes.
Thank you. dead man.
- Next time. just pull a dead
man's shoes off his feet.
I stopped feelin' my legs hours ago.
- What did he say?
- He said next time.
just pull a dead man's shoes off his feet.
He stopped feelin' his legs hours ago.
- I want my $100 back.
- Nuh-uh.
That man is next in that chair.
Redemption has a price. Mr. Cooper.
More money you have comin' in.
the better your chances
are of gettin' out.
Got it?
(soft intriguing music)
- I need water.
(soft haunting music)
Water.
- I could give you water.
But we live in parts where
they sell liquor by the keg
because it's cheaper than water.
But I can give you
water.
So
what's your name?
(cup clanking)
- You sold him my shoes.
- [James] What's your name?
I thought you knew Leyland.
- My name isn't important.
You'll kill me if I tell you.
but I know Leyland.
- [James] Prove it to me.
- Leyland saw his father hanged.
Look.
there's gonna be a Confederate
man comin' for you.
He's an imposter.
- [James] Imposter.
You know of this imposter's name?
- It's Jacob Fulford.
- [James] Jacob Fulford.
So the name.
You knowin' the name of the imposter.
but you can't tell me yours.
- You'd kill me if I tell you.
- [James] Well I think
you's done for. my friend.
(soft mysterious music)
You know. my friend. that
I have a gift. don't you?
You know that I can hear you.
I can translate your thoughts.
And I think all you wanna say is this:
"Why wouldn't you just
let me die in peace?
I wouldna have last through
the night in that cold.
but you bring me here with your vengeance
and your talk of redemption.
Hell. I am redeemed.
I'm a bad man."
But a bad man dies
the same way he lives
(cup clanking)
in the gutter.
(dark rumbling)
(rain trickling)
(owl hooting)
(dark military music)
(eerie reverent music)
(owl hooting)
(wind whooshing)
(eerie reverent music)
(wind howling)
(dark reverent music)
(dark intriguing music)
(liquid trickling)
(glasses clinking)
(eerie mysterious music)
- [Rosanna] (knocks) Mr. Jennings.
Mr. Jennings. it's Rosanna.
(soft haunting music)
(James sighing)
- I know who you are.
You the devil tauntin' me
on this strange night. girl?
- [Rosanna] You gotta help.
- I don't
gotta help.
- [Rosanna] Leyland and
Elisha are comin' here.
Jacob Fulford and his
gang are huntin' them.
- You seen that man outside?
- [Rosanna] Which one.
the one who was yellin' or
the dyin' one on the porch?
- The dyin' one.
He said Fulford and his gang
are union imposters.
Look. I can't keep that man alive.
This?
This is Redemption.
This ain't a hospital.
- Well Leyland and Elisha
are comin' with a doctor.
so maybe you should drag him back inside
and I can see what I
can do to attend to him.
If he ain't dead. you
can't leave him outside.
not with this storm comin'.
- Well (sighs) I guess you
better get yourself inside then.
(liquid trickling)
(glasses clinking)
(soft haunting music)
You see that man outside. Rosanna?
He's better off dead.
I mean I'll put the knife
to him myself I have to.
I mean that's harsh
but humane.
He's like a lame horse.
He ain't gonna pull through.
See. this room?
This room is justice.
It exists
so the thieves
and lawbreakers
can have some kinda reckoning.
But at dawn.
hell. we're gonna have
one swayin' Jacob Fulford
returnin' to settle a score with me.
Do you understand?
I mean when he comes back
this time.
he'll be prepared.
- You're drunk.
Sober.
you'd never be scared of
Jacob Fulford and his gang.
Mr. Jennings. before you bought
this place and this acre.
this was my family home.
Did you know that?
I mean I'm shocked that you call it
Harbour County and Redemption and all.
but I was only a little girl
before my family moved
that mile away into town.
You weren't originally
from Karnes. were ya?
No. my daddy said you
were from Goliad County.
Is that right?
He said you were a religious
man who strived for order.
- Well bless your daddy
he speaks the truth.
Yes.
I strive for order.
To a certain extent.
I am a religious man.
I am from Goliad County.
but I fail to see what your connection
with my land has to do
with the massacre
we may find ourselves the victims of.
- Oh we won't be the victims
of no massacre. Mr. Jennings.
We came here to hide.
- (chuckles) Well good luck hidin'.
- Can I go through to
your private quarters?
- I only got two rooms in this place.
I wouldn't call either
one of them private.
but you go right ahead.
You go look.
(soft haunting music)
(board grinding)
- [Rosanna] Can you hear me?
- [James] Rosanna. where'd you go?
- [Rosanna] Mr. Jennings. I'm right here.
Can you not hear me?
(soft haunting music)
- Rosanna.
where did you just go?
- The ice store.
You did know there's an ice
store under here. didn't ya?
- An ice store?
Well
I know I got one now you told me.
How'd you get in it?
- Move the bed. lift the boards
and you can step on down
into the abyss. Mr. Jennings.
Now we'll be hidin' on down there
and you can do your shootin' up here.
- So you came to hide
in a part of my place
that I didn't even know existed?
- Well my daddy dug it out.
kinda a secret and all.
The man you bought the land
from. well he's dead now.
But he harassed my daddy
for it for quite some time.
He thought there was somethin' of value
in the ground 'round here.
Oil. I think.
There wasn't. not here.
But before daddy sold on. he
satisfied his own curiosity.
He spent two summers diggin' a hole.
big as a house and then bigger still.
It's hard rock. so cool too.
Nice hideaway from the sun.
But daddy didn't want no
one knowin' about the hole
and he was a good carpenter.
So he laid up a new floor.
You can't even tell there's
anythin' under there.
- Why didn't you just tell
me this before. Rosanna?
- Well I didn't really know you. did I?
I still don't.
I never had no reason
to tell you anythin'.
but I never had no one
chasin' and beatin' up my family before.
Never had no reason to hide.
But now I do find myself
with reason to hide.
I will hide in the best place I know.
- Look.
I got liquor and I got cups.
So why don't you take a seat
and we'll sit this one out?
That chair is reserved for lawbreakers.
(dark foreboding music)
- It's a chair. Mr. Jennings.
You're gonna make me sit on the floor?
(dark foreboding music)
- Now weren't you gonna
attend to that corpse outside.
I mean
if he's still alive that he is?
I just got no use for him in here.
(dark foreboding music)
- Mr. Jennings.
I think he's dead.
- Oh. you think he's
dead? (chuckles softly)
Yeah. I thought he was dead.
I mean I was damn convinced he was dead.
But if I didn't drag him
a couple of hundred yards
back to this place.
then I coulda been sleepin' in my bed
and Jacob Fulford woulda crept up on me
and slit my throat whilst I slept.
So the doctor definitely comin'?
- Yes. Dr. Roth from Goliad
County like yourself.
Oh. she don't like it 'round here.
Says the injuries remind her
of bein' on the battlefield.
- You know they started this
new way of settlin' scores
amongst the thieves in town?
(soft intriguing music)
They'd tie a pair of 'em
together. buckskin at the arm.
And they put a little one-inch
blade into their hands.
And the bettin' in the circle intensifies
then the fight begins.
And these fools. they slicin'
and cuttin' at each other.
Because these little
blades only an inch thick.
you can't really deliver the fatal blow.
So these guys. hell.
they're losin' so much blood
'til eventually one of
'em hits the ground.
And the thing is it's the
collapse that's the real killer.
'Cause even if you deliver
the death blow first.
oh hell. that man's
bringin' you down with him.
(soft haunting music)
- I seen it.
- Well that's why a man of law
and a man of order.
(sighs) We're better than that.
We're not animals.
We're not supposed to just
cut each other to pieces.
But that's what these men do.
Look.
go see if we can drag that man
back in here. clean him up.
find out who he actually might be.
- Mr. Jennings.
the man is gone.
- Hmm.
Well on a night like tonight.
that just don't surprise me.
(dark haunting music)
(dark reverent music)
= it's mighty kind of you
letting my wife and I
hide here. Mr. Jennings.
That Jacob Fulford is crazy.
(soft haunting music)
(boots clacking)
- You know you're the last
of Karankawa. don't you?
I know what you come for.
but I ain't ready to give it to you yet.
So you're just gonna
have to head back outside
and wait for that storm to come in.
then you'll know when.
(soft haunting music)
(dark mysterious music)
(glasses clank)
(soft haunting music)
- Who were you talkin' to?
- Myself.
I talk to myself a lot.
They all comfortable down there?
- They alive down there.
I don't think I'd be sayin'
that if they stayed in town.
- You told 'em to hush down there?
- Mr. Jennings. ELisha
about to have a baby.
I don't think she gonna be able to hush.
- Well then I'm gonna have to go
with what my gut's been tellin'
me for the past few hours.
I think the first life
to come out of Redemption
ain't gonna be quiet about it.
Well we take that as a good omen.
The way that room echoes.
any screams be comin' from
that place. (chuckles)
Hell.
Well they gonna pierce the
night like the devil himself.
Can you tell time?
- Not proper.
I get the hands the wrong way.
- See.
I got a pocket watch.
I mean I earned it.
but it was payment for a job
and it sits here you know.
pretty close to my heart. right?
I can't wind it and I can't read it.
See. I never had the time to
sit down with the damn thing and
work a few things out.
- If you can't tell the time.
then how do you know
when the hangings are?
- I don't.
I just know you walk from Redemption
into Helena at sunrise
and you on time.
Look. Rosanna.
I'm in the sad business of keepin' law
and that means killin' people.
I don't much like doin' it.
It makes me feel like a-
- Like a judge?
- Yeah.
like a judge.
You know how old you are?
- Well I know I'm not
a little girl anymore
and they've been callin' you a judge
since however long ago that was.
- "The Judge of Harbor County."
(chuckles) That's what the
damn newspapers do for ya.
Hell. periodicals. magazines.
- Well Leyland reads out that story to me
whenever he needs to try and
explain why he works with you.
But the Judge ain't all
they call you. Mr. Jennings.
They call you the devil of Helena.
- In a God-fearing world.
I am.
- You ain't no devil. Mr. Jennings.
- You see that's what the
real devil don't like.
I'm on the side of God
because he is on the side of order.
- You have a wife before?
- Before when?
- Before you came to Helena.
- Well maybe that's the paradox.
- What?
You say some strange words. Mr. Jennings.
for someone who can't read
and who can't tell time.
What does that mean?
- I've been telling
you too much all night.
but you're curious.
I can see that.
- I been curious all my life.
It's just nobody ain't
ever told me anythin'.
- Well look. you wanna
learn about the world?
Well you gotta get on a steam
ship and cross the ocean.
- That what you did?
- I seen the other side.
but that's why I came back.
- You came back and
started hangin' people.
- No. I came back and I started
educating people up East.
Lotta people ask me to
start preachin' instead.
but I said I never want to
proclaim the words of that book.
It's a story that God
don't ask you to read.
so why make others listen?
- So you weren't a preacher?
The stories say you turned your
back on God a long time ago.
- I turned my back on
preachin' to the converted.
Churchgoer don't think for himself.
He thinks what the
preachers just told him.
His neighbour agrees with him
because the preacher told him
the same thing a week ago.
- Don't explain why you kill people.
- Look. I came back to
Goliad expectin' my family.
my wife to still be around.
I didn't know. but I'd
been gone for 10 years.
You see the night before I left.
this old Indian comes
down from the forest.
He stands at my door. he
looks at me with an arrow.
Points at the babe wrapped up in the cot.
Indian
cuts me.
then he takes the babe
away into the night.
I saw the Indian in my dream.
The Indian said he'd
taken my baby to
ensure good passage for the journey
that I was about to undertake.
When I came back to Goliad
all those years later.
my cousin had taken my wife as his own.
She dragged up the past.
said it was me sacrificin' our baby
that justified her adultery.
10 years away and what do
you think they try and do?
Kill me in the bath.
- Are you tryin' to scare
me up. Mr. Jennings?
Bad enough we waitin' here to be shot up.
you sit there tellin' me your tragedy?
- Rosanna. have you
ever seen a photograph?
- I've seen some from time to time.
- Would you like to see a photograph?
- Well who's it gonna be a picture of?
- Me.
- Is it a nice picture?
- No.
It's a death pose.
You still wanna see?
(soft foreboding music)
- Is that really you?
I ain't no doctor.
but you got an axe in your head
and an axe in your head
usually means you a dead man.
In that picture. you look dead.
You have succeeded in
scarin' me. Mr. Jennings.
- No commotion. Dr. Roth.
You have a look at the picture for us.
- I know you've showed
me before 100 times.
It's you. James.
It's the same face I'm looking at now.
What's this about?
You playin' tricks on Rosanna?
- I'm just telling Rosanna the truth.
You know. the truth about
me being dead in that bath.
- How are you still alive. old man?
- Look. I need to be back
downstairs with Elisha.
But Rosanna.
you need to believe what's
right for you with Mr. Jennings.
You can't explain it quickly.
- The Indian
came to me in my head.
showed me the path to follow.
Next time I opened my eyes.
I woke up in this place.
I didn't know how I got here
or what I was supposed to do.
Except in my hand. I had a newspaper.
And in it. it had a story about a man
who was murdered by his wife
with a little line drawing
of that death pose.
- How'd you get better?
- Rosanna.
I didn't get better.
- Well your wife and cousin
don't sound like the sorta
people I'd like to mix with.
- Life weaves us a circle.
That day the Indian left you at my door
with the axe on your
chest. do you remember?
In my mind. it's clear as day.
I never thought I'd be so
happy to see something broken.
- Anyone would think
this was a sewin' circle
the yarn you spinnin'.
- Do you not know the outcome
of this yarn thing. Rosanna?
- It's a story about an axe.
- Well?
- There ain't no explanation.
It's just a dead man
look like Mr. Jennings.
- No. that was Mr. Jennings.
Show her your charm. James.
- I thought we was gonna
be gettin' shot at.
What're you showin' me?
- [James] Sacred piece of metal.
- There's life in this metal.
- You see that?
That's a perfect fracture curve.
You know when metal's been badly forged
and it gets too cold and
cracks under pressure.
Well the old axe that me and my father
had used for many years was
just that. badly forged.
It was just waiting for the right hit
to crack the metal clean through.
I knew that. my father knew that.
so we respected the flaw.
Thieves who stole that axe.
well
they didn't know that.
They used the axe for murder.
In their barbaric excitement.
they hit the poor school teacher so hard
that they snapped the metal
and lost it inside her
flesh without realising.
She was dead in a single blow.
Now James here was in the
bath. but it was dark.
And they struck his head with such force
that the axe clamped around his head.
Blood seeped out
and they couldn't even
pull the weapon free.
To their eyes. James here was
dead with an axe in his head.
The deed was done and the
murderers escaped into darkness.
(soft haunting music)
- Well I reckon dawn's
just about to break.
so you best keep your wits about you.
- [Elisha] Oh doctor! (groans)
(soft foreboding music)
(weeps) Doctor.
- Mr. Jennings.
(soft foreboding music)
- God's called me. Rosanna.
- I don't know what you're
sayin'. Mr. Jennings.
(soft foreboding music)
(Elisha groaning)
- Go downstairs and help with Elisha.
- But I-
- I told you. Rosanna.
God has called me.
I know what you come for. my friend.
But this time.
you can't take my baby.
So you're gonna have to take me instead.
I mean this is precious metal.
I understand what happens
when I give this up.
I know what's comin' to me.
So it's yours now. my friend.
(dark haunting music)
Jacob Fulford?
Jacob Fulford.
I'm gonna make you famous.
Are you a coward?
I said
are you
a coward?
(dark haunting music)
(Elisha whimpering)
(Elisha breathing heavily)
(gun blasting)
(dark haunting music)
(shoes clacking)
- [Rosanna] Can you hear me?
(Elisha breathing heavily)
(baby weeping)
(gun blasting)
- [Jacob] Nobody is going to call me
a coward.
Nobody is here
but the two of us.
- Oh no.
I reckon there's at least four people.
Who are witness to the fact that
you are just a coward
and a coldblooded murderer. Jacob Fulford.
- [Jacob] You are not dead yet.
- [James] I'll give myself a minute.
Shame you didn't shoot my watch.
That maybe coulda saved my life.
I think it started tickin'. (chuckles)
- [Jacob] Mortals said you could not die.
but I have injured you with their weapons.
- You didn't just shoot me. Jacob Fulford.
I just opened the door. (chuckles)
(watch ticking)
When that watch stops.
I'll be dead.
Now if you keep that watch.
just remember one thing:
that watch.
it don't tell time.
It tells you how long you got left.
(soft haunting music)
(watch ticking)
Well you just remember. Mr. Fulford.
Redemption.
Redemption is a magnet for souls like you.
(soft haunting music)
(watch ticking)
(James wincing)
(soft haunting music)
- Leave. Fulford.
- [Jacob] Your precious judge is gone.
Have I not done enough to come in?
- No.
Cowardly act like that doesn't
deserve anything at all.
We don't want you.
You can leave.
- [Jacob] I have his watch.
I have his power now.
do I not?
- You're a cursed man now. Jacob.
Leave.
We have our own business to settle.
(soft haunting music)
(watch ticking)
- "Why won't you just let me die in peace?
I wouldn't have lasted
the night in that cold.
but you bring me here with your vengeance
and your talk of redemption.
Hell. I am redeemed."
(soft haunting music)
Redemption is a magnet for souls like you.
You the devil tauntin' me
on a strange night. girl?
- You gotta help.
(soft haunting music)
Is he comin' back?
- Find out tomorrow.
- What does that mean. Dr. Roth?
- Think about what he told you. Rosanna.
- Well Mr. Jennings
tells me a lotta things.
- He told you everything
you need to know about him.
You don't know much about the
law in these parts. do you?
(dark haunting music)
- [James] In spring 1862.
the remains of a small rural homestead
were found by US marshals
searching for their
brother-in-arms. James Jennings.
In the near-frozen location.
personal effects were
found abandoned in the snow
and a crude rope marked the boundary.
Months earlier. the sounds
of an intense battle
were reported by the townsfolk of Helena.
- [Marshal] Charge 'er up. W.
- [Marshal] Judge. you gonna get it now.
(explosion bursting)
- [James] Explosions and
the screams of a posse
of Confederate army deserters.
No evidence of any such
battle could be found.
The marshals had been led to the location
by a respected Goliad doctor.
Make sure Dr. Roth knows what's goin' on.
The young family also present
insisted a girl had come from the woods
to guide them to the property
and help them seek refuge in a
hidden underground ice house.
(soft haunting music)
In their report to superiors.
the marshals noted that
despite an extensive search
no additional rooms were uncovered.
The body of James Jennings
also known as the Judge was never found
and the testimony of the group
reduced to that of drunken hysteria
on a macabre night of celebration
all Hallows' Eve.
(soft foreboding music)
- [Marshal] Charge 'er up. W.
- [Marshal] Judge. you gonna get it now.
(explosion bursting)
- [Marshal] Give Jennings a warning shot.
(soft haunting music)
(baby cries)
(eerie mystical music)
(music box winding)
- [James] One night.
I had a dream.
the problem I got right now
is some days
I couldn't tell you if I
ever woke up from that dream.
(dark haunting music)
(wind howling)